# vividity-if
A Work of Interactive Fiction / A Study in Adventure Puzzles and Overwriting

This repository holds my first foray into writing Interactive Fiction, and also my first attempt at writing fiction. It contains project files specific to Inform 7, an IDE for writing in the "programming language" Inform. Also included are custom extensions used and a z-code build of the story, which typically won't be current. The format is *.z8, which is z-machine code, readable by a z-machine interpreter, examples being the web-based [Parchment](https://github.com/curiousdannii/parchment/tree/inform7/ “Parchment”) [Interpreter](http://iplayif.com/ "Interpreter"), or the [jzip](http://jzip.sourceforge.net/ "jzip") interpreter, for the command line.

This is a rather severe departure from my other *excessively*-multimedia-based projects which use sound and graphics along with writing to create an experience, evoke emotions, tell a story, et cetera. A text adventure can *only* rely on text. While I would otherwise have flashy 3D graphics and sounds to employ, in this medium I can only rely on my writing impetus to move the reader. It is quite a bit more difficult to bring users to tears with only writing, but hopefully the process itself will bring me closer to that goal, which is, as it was explained to me, how to get rich and famous. With the intentions of strengthening my writing by being totally reliant upon it to express ideas, and getting rich and famous, I undertake this endeavor in earnest.

